# GuessANumberBytheAdventurist
This is a console game in which computer chooses a number and user have to guess the number with computer's help. The game is project with learning propose and it's
a open source. 
The entire context: First step: computer chooses a number, that is unknown by the user. Second step: User make a guess about the number. Third step: Two possibilities:
a. If user guesses the number -> User is winner and game is over.(The game has additional logic that is in the developing process.) b. If user doesn't guess the number -> Game go to next step. Four step: Computer hints the user if the number is less than or greater then made guess. And the steps from two to four are retake until the number is guesed.
The additional logic is: complexing the game by insertion 21 levels in which the user has to guess 21 different numbers for each of which the user is given 8 tries. If the user doesn't guess the number within 8 tries they lose the game.  On the other hand, the user goes on to the next level =>  adding levels up to 21. Adds a total score system in which the user gets points or loses points depending on whether they are guessing the number or not=> adding score system. Printing the coresponding messages.
Scoring system: Adds 10 points to the total points for every proper answer => guessed number. Remove 2 points for every wrong answer. And also when the level goes up the user has to choose in a larger interval e.g. on the first level they choose between 1 and 100, on the second level they choose between 1 and 200, and so on.
